Story bdd test (#3)
lineball/server: src/test/groovy/lineball/server/domain/InitGame.md

# Game can be start when two players are set

## Narrative:
As a player  
I want to make init the game when second player enters the field  
So that second player can accept and game starts  

## Scenario 1: Game starts with two players
Given: new field is created  

> And: first and second players enters the field  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And: first and second player enter the field  
```
